Hi, guys, in this listen, we will create our Angler project with not just in Angola blindsight,
we will consume our server side.
Simply put, rest API data.
We have created Corot and points on the backend.
We will use these and points on the client side and we will create a full stack project.
By the way, if you haven't Dowland and installed not Jass yet, please, first of all, install it.
After installing the not Jass, we should install the angular command line interface with AMPM comment.
We can install it like ampm install global angular slash Kellye.
Then we are ready to create an angular project to create an angular project.
The best way is using angular command line interface, angular command line presence, predefined tasks
for us.
For example, to create a project.
It provides a engy new command to build a project.
It provides MGB build comment to test the components, it provides a engie test command, etc. so we
can do lots of things from the command line thanks to the angular command line interface.
Let's start with checking the version of English.
We can check our angular version from the terminal with the Engy version command.
Then we call it, we will see the version of angular and angular command line in this course, we will
go on with Angular 12.
OK, now we can create our project, first of all, we will describe our project name, our project
name will be English book set to create a project in England.
We will use Engy plus Nieve plus project name.
So our comment will be Engie Neeve Anglerfish bookseller Wendy Long.
This comment angler will create an initial project for us.
This initial project will include required peckerwoods and classis.
Would you like to add Angella Ratfink?
Yes, because we will go in with different pates and we can pass between hights with rotters.
This option will edit rorter module to our application.
We will see the details one by one in the next lessons.
Which stylesheet format would you like to use?
Like you see, there are several stylesheet formats here.
We can go on with one of them here.
We will go on with success because most of us are familiar with it.
But if you are familiar with others, I suggest you go along with it.
For example, if you use less stylesheet, you can use nested components.
Of course you can create add some variables in this and these will be so effective on coding.
If you use preprocessor you can create variables or conditions, etc., it will be beneficial for you
also.
Anyway, here we will go on with success because most of us are familiar with it and it is the most
common.
OK, this comment will create our initial project.
This will take a couple of seconds because it will create initial classes and initial packets.
When I say peckerwoods, Angular has some core dependencies such as angular, angular, core, angular,
delicate, angular builder, bable, bable, G.S., etc..
These kind of packets can be in small sizes, but Angular has so many dependencies like that, so it
will take some time.
OK, now our project is ready.
We can run our project from the project folder to run it.
Our command is engy serve.
These commands will compile our project and open it on the browser.
Angular by default, service the application from port for thousands to hundreds.
Of course we can change it to our needs with the port parameter in default.
Angular provides an example page for us.
If we created we are angular command line interface.
OK, everything looks great.
Finally, we will import our project to intelligent all use in for English because I use the intelligent
ultimate version.
But if you don't have intelligent ultimate version, you can go in with visual studio code or intelligible
storm or other alternative ideas.
OK, now we are ready for codding, that's all for the beginning.
Thank you.